Graduate Consultant - Software Engineering - 2027
Melbourn, Royston, UK
Full-time
Role Type: Graduate
Contract Type: Permanent
Technical Discipline: Software
Department: TTP Group
Company Description
TTP is an employee-owned technology and product development consultancy, with a 40-year track record of helping ambitious clients solve complex challenges and bring innovative, commercially successful solutions to market. 

We support clients to invent, design, and manufacture impactful products and technologies across a wide range of industries – such as health tech, life science, energy, and communications – and at the intersection of engineering, physical science, and biology. 

Working in consultancy, your expertise and creativity will be appreciated and nurtured from day one. You’ll dive straight into contributing to technical projects, solving complex real-world problems, working with clients and being a trusted and integral member of the team. 

Job Description
As a Graduate Consultant (Software Engineering) at TTP, your work will combine using your engineering skillset to support multi-disciplinary project teams to invent new products and technologies, with utilising your commercial acumen to drive projects forward. You’ll demonstrate leadership, build collaborative relationships with clients and ultimately grow a strong understanding of industries we work across. 

From a technical perspective, you will be involved in all aspects of technology and product development: from invention, to analysis, to prototype design and transfer to manufacture. The diversity in our work means that you can find yourself making a difference in a wide range of applications as vast as building state-of-the-art drug delivery devices, accelerating drug discovery through AI & next-gen DMTA, or developing a 5G NTN handset antenna. 

You will have the opportunity to work on multiple such projects at any one time - through just your first year at TTP your experiences and applications will be vast, and you can expect to develop and expand your understanding of entirely new fields of science and technology rapidly. 

Equal to your technical work, you will also develop as a consultant. This means harnessing your entrepreneurial mindset: building an understanding of the markets we work in, engaging directly with clients to present your findings, and proactively ensuring their requirements are fully understood and met. As you gain experience, you will have opportunities to lead projects, build teams, and manage client relationships. You’ll also help expand TTP’s reach by representing us at conferences in the UK and internationally, building connections, and engaging with new clients to help grow our client base. 

We believe growth happens best in a collaborative environment where knowledge is shared freely and curiosity is encouraged – this is why we have the requirement for all staff to work on-site five days a week. You'll receive mentorship and guidance when needed, but also the space and trust to take initiative, explore your interests, and shape your own development. You'll be encouraged to contribute early, take ownership of your work, and collaborate across disciplines to deliver impactful solutions. 

Qualifications
Deep intellectual curiosity and inventiveness, with a desire to understand how things work at a fundamental level. You should have an academic record that reflects your capacity for rigorous, first-principles thinking - being on track for a minimum 2:1 in Computer Science, Software Engineering or a closely related discipline, with strong accompanying A-Levels (or equivalent, i.e. IB qualifications). 

Commercially aware and entrepreneurial, excited by the opportunity to turn breakthrough technologies into real-world products, ventures, and impact. 

Proactive and self-starting, with a strong sense of personal responsibility and a drive to make things happen. 

Collaborative and emotionally intelligent, able to build trust, influence stakeholders, energise those around you, and communicate complex technical ideas with clarity, empathy, and precision, regardless of your audience's background. 

Strategic and systems-minded, able to see the bigger picture, anticipate challenges and opportunities while considering the commercial aspects of technology product development, and navigate ambiguity while keeping priorities sharp and focused. 

Able to start in September 2027.

We're looking for candidates who want to impact the industry both commercially and technically; those who don't just solve problems - but who seek them out, thrive on them, and elevate those around them while doing so. 

We recruit on a rolling basis, so although there is no application deadline, the advert will close once all spaces have been filled. We recommend applying early for the best chance. 

Additional Information
TTP operates from an award-winning campus in green surroundings, just south of Cambridge. 

We offer a generous benefits package, including: 

Annual profit-related bonus    

Virtual shares that reward you with a stake in TTP Group’s long-term success 

10% employer pension contribution 

Private medical insurance (for you and your dependants) 

Free onsite lunch 

Life insurance (6 x salary) 

25 days annual holiday  

Enhanced parental leave and flexible return-to-work support 

Electric car leasing and cycle-to-work schemes 

Interest-free season ticket loan  

Local sports and cultural discounts 

Comprehensive relocation support (if applicable) 

Please click the following link to read the TTP Group Diversity Statement. 

For information on TTP’s guidance on AI usage in recruitment, please review our policy here. 

Please click the following link to read the TTP Group Diversity Statement.