IT Support Analyst
Apply
remote type
Travel - Yes
locations
Biggin Hill
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 3 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: October 7, 2026 (3 days left to apply)
job requisition id
JR101158
Are you ready to make your mark in the world of Formula 1?

At Formula 1, we are passionate about delivering the world’s greatest sports and entertainment spectacle leaving a positive legacy wherever we race. Innovation has always been at the heart of what we do ever since our first Grand Prix in 1950. Now, more than 75 years on, the sport remains a pioneer, developing technologies that have made a significant impact on society beyond the track.

Everything you see on screen or at an event comes via our passionate and dedicated people. Whether its engineering, broadcast, legal, logistics, security, event management, commercial, media rights, marketing, or communications there is always a talented team working to maximise the potential of the sport.

Role Overview:

We are looking for a IT Support Analyst to join our IT department. Reporting into our IT Support Manager, this role will be responsible for providing support within the company with IT hardware, software and telecommunication systems, whilst maintaining a high level of customer service at all times and continuing to meet F1 objectives. 

Main Duties and Responsibilities:

•Offer IT Support at all sites including Biggin Hill, St James Market, and the Event Technical Centre
•Ensure logged jobs are reviewed and maintained, know when to reassign or escalate jobs to provide highest level service, follow up on calls and see through to resolution 
•Liaise with users regarding but not limited to issues, change requests and tasks- offering desk side and remote support
•Build, deploy and maintain IT Hardware to a high level, ensuring all correct updates and drivers are applied
•Support all C-Suite staff, ensuring that all involved parties are kept up to date and issues are escalated as per internal IT Policies
•Experience in monitoring IT systems and acting in a timely manner when issues arise,
•Acting as a point of escalation for Service Desk, ensuring timely responses are provided for any escalated issues
•Keep departmental documentation up to date, ensuring all user assigned hardware correctly logged for reference 
•Follow the change management process at all times, ensuring all jobs logged and passed through the correct approval routes 
•Produce and maintain documentation required for IT Infrastructure management 
What Are We Looking For? 

Personal Qualities

In this role it is essential that you are:

Strong communication skills with the ability to convey ideas clearly and confidently
Highly motivated and well-structured in managing tasks
Positive, adaptable, and flexible when faced with challenges
Proactive, with a solution-oriented mindset
Experience

Prior to the role it would be essential that you have:

Essential Knowledge of Microsoft 365 Suite and Azure Active Directory
Knowledge of operational Device Managers
Operational Knowledge of a wide range of IT and communication equipment
Good customer service skills
Demonstratable understanding of IT Service best practices
Some desirable experience that you may bring to the role:

Experience working in a global organisation across different time zones
Qualifications

Not essential to be successful in the role but you may also have the following qualifications:

ITIL Foundation Qualification
Office 365 Administration and Troubleshooting
Career Progression - Where Can You Go Next?

From this position, your next step could be into the role of Senior Support Analyst. 


Why join the force behind the sport?


Joining F1 means becoming part of a team that values innovation, collaboration and personal growth. We offer a dynamic work environment where ideas are heard, and employee contributions truly make an impact. We seek to recruit, develop, and retain the most talented people to play their role in accelerating the future of the sport. As a member of the F1 team, you will be able to access our amazing benefits:

Private Healthcare scheme  
Dental Care 
4 x Grand Prix Paddock passes per season  
Enhanced maternity/paternity leave and other family planning policies 
A free staff shuttle service running to and from surrounding trains stations near to Biggin Hill   
Free healthy snacks in our offices 
Subsidised canteen in Biggin Hill, serving breakfast and lunch 
25 days annual leave and 8 Bank Holiday days, plus a Christmas period closure  
Opportunities to develop and request training for your role via our in-house Learning and Development team  
Discount on F1 merchandise 
Discount at F1’s experiences including F1 Arcade and F1 Drive 
Perkbox benefit portal and more

Recruitment Fraud Warning: We only communicate with candidates through official @f1.com email addresses. We will never contact you via personal email accounts, messaging apps, or request payment as part of our recruitment process. If you receive suspicious communication claiming to be from our talent team, please report it to recruitment@f1.com.

Division: 

Technical