Airline IT Systems Engineer
 AV-380052 DHL AIR (UK) Limited, East Midlands Airport, EMA Cargo West, United Kingdom, DE74 2TR DHL Air (UK) Limited Express Full-time 40 TemporaryLocation East Midlands Airport, England, United Kingdom
 Copy job link
 Share
 

Job Title: Airline IT Systems Engineer (12-month fixed-term contract)

Work Location: EMA Cargo West, East Midlands Airport, Derby, DE74 2TR

Hours: Permanent full-time position, rotating day/night shift pattern, flexibility required.

Salary: Competitive



DHL Air is the largest all-cargo air carrier in the UK, operating a fleet of B757-200SF, B767-300F & 777F aircraft on worldwide operations. Part of the DHL Express team with our headquarters at East Midlands Airport, we wish to enhance the team to deliver our customer promise of; Excellence, Simply Delivered.


We are looking to appoint a self-motivated individual that is people and service focused. Someone who gets it right first time, shows passion in their work and has the “Can Do” spirit that made DHL world leading in Logistics.


An exciting opportunity has arisen to join our IT and Projects team as an Airline IT Systems Engineer, on a 12-month fixed-term contract basis.


The Role:



The role is ideal for IT professionals looking to enhance their technical understanding of airline systems and provide excellent service delivery .


Your main tasks will include:

Providing first-line support to DHL Air UK system users, responsible for incident management and troubleshooting.
Responsible for all hardware/software procurement and fulfilment.
Ensuring that airline systems and IT equipment remain compliant with group IT standards and information security policies and applicable regulatory requirements.
Installing, configuring and maintaining software and hardware used by Aviation specialists.
Implementing asset management processes into their daily work.
Responsible for the maintenance of DHL Air UK user accounts.
Working closely with the supervisor to deliver improvements to business processes and change initiatives.
Covering day/night shift work to ensure a consistent airline IT system support presence for DHL Air UK system users throughout airline operations.

Skills and Experience required:

Existing experience in the same or a similar IT role or hold a bachelor’s degree in an IT or computer science related degree.
Possess a broad understanding of IT infrastructure, administration and understand complex systems to implement technical solutions.
Windows OS, Microsoft 365 and Active Directory.
Knowledge of the aviation industry and airline IT systems is preferable.

The Person:



Proactive and analytical mindset with a driven approach to working in a quick-changing environment.
Have an interest in project management and supporting IT projects.
Comfortable working in a dynamic environment supporting evolving airline IT systems.
Willing to work day/night shifts in the UK and abroad if required. Flexibility required.
Willing to travel locally (<5 miles) to support any off-site teams when required.
Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to demonstrate team working skills and communicate effectively with colleagues at all levels of the business.

What you’ll get in return:



A competitive salary and as part of a growing DHL population you will receive access to a variety of our excellent benefits.


What you need to do next:



If you are interested in the Airline IT Systems Engineer role and have a proven track record of achievement to match the requirements for this role, simply apply online ensuring that a full up-to-date CV and cover letter is attached with your application.


We will ensure that all our resourcing activities are fair, transparent and consistent across the UK. We want to ensure that the candidate experience is of the highest professional standard. The Company is committed to providing equality of opportunity for all employees. Furthermore we aim to ensure our workplaces are free from discrimination and that not only employees but also our potential future employees are treated fairly and with dignity and respect. We will ensure that equality of opportunity maintains a high profile in our organisation.


Closing Date: 31st October 2026, or once the position has been successfully filled